fix broken link to token (#10361)
hashicorp/vagrant: website/source/docs/vagrant-cloud/boxes/create.html.md

## Creating Boxes with the API

This example uses the API to upload boxes with `curl`. To get started, you'll

> need to get an [access token](https://app.vagrantup.com/settings/security).

Reviewer: Hey! Thanks for the update. Can this please go back to being `vagrantcloud.com` though? Thanks!

```suggestion
need to get an [access token](https://vagrantcloud.com/settings/security).
```
